Thank you all for coming from MacArthur Park,
Los Angeles, somewhere near downtown LA.
On a Monday night, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's bring out the Game Master Spencer,
Crittenden, and your Mayor, Dan Harmon.
Oh no, coming in hot.
What the hell is going on?
Nothing.
Is this my natural posture?
I'm not sucking anything in.
I just felt like I had a little bit of a cheeseburger
slide in New York.
Oh, sorry.
Hip hop.
Oh, you've got to stop eating like a piece of shit
if you want to be beaten.
You're weight into submission.
I fucked your mama with my nocturnal emissions.
Autopilot, they call it.
I fucked her without even trying.
I'm bored with your mama sexually.
Oh, damn.
Wow.
It took over 300 episodes, because finally tire of that.
Honeymoon's over.
You and their mama had a pretty good run, I got to say.
It was the longest relationship with anything.
Or any job or automobile, like I've never
committed to anything longer than I have your mama.
I wonder how many times you affect the mama's
to the north and to the south.
I don't know, three or four.
It seems like the kind of thing, and I wouldn't want
to cause busy work for this person,
but I don't want to trigger any kind of disorder that
needs to not be triggered for someone to be happy.
But it seems like the kind of thing
that someone on the internet would just go through,
and they would give us an accurate count on how many times
the phrase, fuck your mama, has been said.
What do you think it would be?
Take a jelly bean jar count.
Just saying, I fucked your mama?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, god.
I would say 1,700 times.
It might be more than that.
That might be like a Price's Right, Bitter's Row, low ball.
You're going to say 1,701 and fucking win and get up there.
We won't go Price's, right?
We'll go distance from absolute.
I'm guessing 1,700.
I'm going to say 1,500.
Does anybody here have the aptitude for that sort of thing
that they think they know?
The aptitude for guessing?
No, no, no.
Somebody, autism, autism.
Does anyone here have autism?
I mean, does anybody have to think
that they would think much higher and much lower numbers?
It's got to be less than 300.
It's got to be less than 300?
Yeah.
You really think an episode's gone by without?
So let's say if you've wrapped half the episodes
and in three-quarter of those you've mentioned it at all,
then that's what?
Like 40% of the episodes.
So you would have to fuck them to the north and to the south
three times per rap.
No, Dan is saying just.
No, no, we're talking about just fucking your mama's
in one rap.
OK, so I thought this was about fucking them both
in the north and the south.
Look, I want all these numbers.
Easily 2,000.
I want to get all these numbers.
Huh?
No, no, this is different.
No, but Dan.
That's why I didn't want to pollute this with the.
But these are the right questions.
I just wanted to start with a baseline of how many.
Because yeah, because you'll fuck like seven mamas in one
rap, then 300.
If I rap for two minutes, that's going to like be.
So at least 20.
My guess is an average of five times per the number
of episodes, just because some episodes.
Sure, maybe I don't rap at all.
That's fair.
And then, but then it's like, it is my crutch.
The only time I've done away with it would be the Mike Eagle
episode.
And I probably did it 17 times.
Otherwise, yeah.
So I'm going to say, actually, you know what?
I think 1,500 is way too low.
I think you're right.
I'm going 1,700.
I'm going to go 1,900.
OK.
I want to go, OK.
So who knows who can count that?
Maybe somebody can.
These days, the last time I checked, they had Avid plug-ins.
This was still when I was working at community.
I think Yahoo season, like Avid had this plug-in that,
I can't remember what it was called, but you can type in
a word like butterfly.
And it would go through all of the footage in the bins
and bring up clips marked.
And it would be like Donald Glover saying butterfly.
Chevy Chase saying butterfly.
Like, you type in the word, and it would voice recognize
without having to do it in real time.
It would just go scrub through all of the data instantly
and bring up a list sorted by relevance or whatever.
And at the top of the list, it was just like, holy shit.
This is everyone saying butterfly.
And then there would be like a steep drop down to people
saying, give me a piece of peanut butter pie or something.
But it was amazing, which is also useful if you were going
to edit a fucking mix or something.
And now you'd have a thing that rhymes with butterfly.
Peanut butter pie.
I thought that was just incredible.
Editing is, obviously, we don't wear little white gloves
and splice tape anymore.
But beyond that leap to the digital,
there really hasn't been so few things that actually make it
a faster thing to edit, which has always
been this sort of Promethean hybrid of engineering
and artistry editing.
And the idea that an AI could just
be like, pull up all those takes where they got their line
right or whatever, which used to be the domain of man.
And that is an intentionally exclusive statement.
Only male editors can.
Speaking of progress, Stanley has progressed off
of the mortal realm, his mission accomplished.
Was he 94 years old?
95.
What a life.
Did you meet him?
I met him, but it was like I met him in a line.
Right, a lot of Comic-Con or something?
Yeah.
You weren't there for that?
No.
OK, yeah, that was a Rick and Morty thing.
Me and Justin, we went to Kamikaze, Stanley's Kamikaze,
and he signed a thing.
And it wasn't really like come party with Stanley.
But were you a fan of the DC stuff?
I don't really care about that stuff at all, anyway, anymore.
I'm tired.
But it's objectively notable that Stanley was obviously,
I mean, wow, what a life.
It's just interesting to, not only
was he like, oh, we have him to thank for a bunch of shit
that we've been talking about for the last 25 years alone.
But the idea of living a life so complete
that in your way past your 80th year, which,
if I make it past 80, I'm going to be like,
I just imagine myself, all I'll be doing
is it will be all pharmaceutical-based and paperwork
and getting sued or whatever you do past 80.
You know, they're just fighting for the right
to just sort of squat on Tara firmer.
But in his fight, I mean, he got to watch the thing
that in your biopic usually just has
to happen in that one paragraph after the person
that the biopic's about dies.
Charlie Chaplin goes away and then the paragraph says,
and now today he's taught in universities and blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
And you always have that feeling of, oh, that's a little sad.
I wish Picasso or so and so could have been there
for that part.
It was kind of neat.
He got to, pretty sure he left after the credits of his biopic.
He's probably like, you know what,
if I stick around for 10 more minutes,
something awful is going to happen.
He really nailed it.
There was right at the end there, wasn't there a weird fracas, something about him suing
his manager, or there was some kind of, I don't know, I hope it was a legitimate.
Wait, so he was suing his nurse and then he just conveniently dies?
Uh-oh.
I don't even, I mean.
Reported here first, Harmontown Exclusive Scoop.
I heard that he didn't really get to do any of the comics or Fantastic Four or any of
the comics he got known to for until he was 40 years old.
So it's not just like, oh, he was an intrepid young, he was a 40 year old man and then his
life started.
Yeah, that's good, I'm glad you pointed that out, because it's like, what can we learn
from people, because otherwise the message becomes as bland as like, oh, I hope I get
to do stuff, that must have been nice for him.
But yeah, I, you know, a lot of people email me or hopefully a lot of people don't have
my email, but, you know, Tumblr messages and whatever, people that slide into my DMs or
what, people, there's a theme among the things that people ask me called, am I too old to
try to start doing what you're doing?
If I've been up until now a plumber or an exterminator or a bicycle thief.
And of course we know that fashionably you're supposed to say, absolutely not, you're never
too old.
But I actually believe that, you know, you have to start when you're 20, no, I'm kidding.
No, I mean, I truly believe it's so important to keep that in mind and such a great example
because he was basically, it's like, hey, guess what, the TV writing business got sued
for it and I don't know if they even cleaned up their act, there's ageism.
Like in existing industries, these existing channels, let the kids ask, how do I do it,
how did they do it yesterday?
But the blessing and curse of maybe feeling like you're too long in the tooth to strike
out and do something is that you almost got no choice but to, you know, carve out your
own niche.
Like, but absolutely, I mean, it's like, he's not known for that.
It's not like, it's not like his eulogy on ABC News today is going to be known as the
late starter Stanley Brano.
But yeah, I mean, it's probably was a huge factor in his life that he had to think about
all the time from 32 to 40, you know, like, what the fuck am I doing?
How many times do you think he maybe thought, why am I drawing sequential pictures of a guy
claiming a wall?
This is never, I got to stop this.
This is not going to go anywhere other than the wall.
Do we have Schrabs?
I don't know.
It's his birthday.
Why would he come here?
Happy birthday, Schrab.
Oh, yeah.
He's still not here, though.
Yeah, I know.
I love, I love the Rob shop.
I'm glad he's not here on his birthday.
That would be incredibly depressing.
You also invited him.
I did.
But I was, I'm glad.
Not that glad.
I'm not heave that call.
Well, I'm glad he's not here either.
On the chance that the truth would be more depressing, like, he's happy to find out that
he had something better to do.
Yeah.
What do they say, pray for, pray for sunshine, prepare for rain?
Something like that.
I don't know.
I think I coined it.
How was your New York experience?
I know, there's a story that happened in New York that is going to drop on the next episode
after this one.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
It's going to come out like during the week we're off around Thanksgiving.
Things went a little hairy on the way to New York City.
And not what they're recording.
Yeah.
Like, they're recording.
I talked about, we talked about nothing but, because I said in New York, I said, look,
we're either going to, if we talk, if we start talking about our trip to New York, that'll
be the entire 90 minute show.
Let's just say, I became Joey Ramone.
And Cody became Sid and Nancy.
Joey Ramone was famously known for falling asleep outside.
We were over-served, is the headline.
You got to check out the episode.
It'll be a really good one.
We know you guys are famous for listening to the podcast.
I'm still so ashamed of myself.
It's the worst.
Yeah.
But, and I think I was real drunk when I said it, but I babbled a little bit at the end,
because I didn't want it to just be a maypole dance around people getting drunk and having
embarrassing things happen to them.
I want, I don't want to repeat myself for that episode, but this is going to be a recurring
theme now after going through a year of sorting through a bunch of shit.
My new thing is, got to be vulnerable, got to be honest, got to be transparent, got to
just, even though there is this increasing pressure from a reaction chamber, this world
that we're voluntarily or not transitioning into, we're becoming these digital creatures
and we can't have that digital world be a place of shame.
That can't rule the day.
Did you guys see this, the Trumpy Bear ad thing?
Yeah.
Trumpy Bear.
Do you know what, so no then, there was this ad aired on Fox News for Trumpy Bear, seemed
like it was a joke, it was like it could have been an onion produced commercial for Trumpy
Bear.
It had the unmistakable tone, a little bit of a sketch.
Even the act, like even the on-screen actors that were like using it just seemed like they
were doing it as a joke, it has a flat blanket inside of it.
So you open it, and you can pull out an American flag blanket out of its tummy and curl up
with Trumpy Bear.
And it comes with a certificate.
And there's a dude on a motorcycle, like a big Harley's Angel, Harley's Angel, what
the fuck is that?
A house angel, Harley guy, driving around with a teddy bear talking about, yeah, I've
got my Trumpy Bear.
Trumpy Bear's my bro or something.
It seems like a joke, have we verified that it's for real?
No, we've just mused idly about it.
The reason I bring it up is because I looked at it and I was like, my sincere optimistic
hope here is that this is Nathan Fielder or John Oliver that we're gonna find out a couple
months from now.
Or someone doing that, because if it is, that's ingenious because, and then that kind of made
me realize how much we need that, whether this is that or not.
Like that has been my continued frustration that to the extent that you view our country
as being in any kind of like battle between two sides, it's your choice if you don't want
to see it that way.
I understand that.
You're a Harmontown audience and I've been that guy for more longer than I've been this
pick-as-side guy, wouldn't force anything on you.
But if you do perceive this kind of like two-sided thing, the next thing you might perceive to
your frustration is that when did we, if we are the left, when did we become the ones
that aren't funny?
Because that's how we started for sure.
There's nothing funny or smart about the views that are held by that other side.
Therefore what a crime it is that they're the trolls, that they're the ones doing the
bits and the practical jokes and the stunts and it's like we got to get that scepter
back where we should be having orgies in the street and making jokes that they don't understand
and high-fiving each other for being misunderstood and ununderstandable and we should be able
to stand side by side with people that we don't even get but we know that we want them
to have a right to not be gotten and to the point where the only way to be on that other
side is to be either silent and ashamed or loud and embarrassing to those other people
that are silent and that's where you want your foes, otherwise you're just awash in
this thing that then our beautiful, you know, kind of somewhere caught in the middle people,
they get that luxury of going like, I don't see any difference between you guys and that's
when we lose big time, you lose that big giant middle of people that are like, I'm tired
of this shit, I'm tired of listening to mom and dad bitch at each other, I can't see any
difference between you.
You're both just so ashamed of yourselves and afraid of each other and trying to convince
somebody of something that's not true and you're both lying and you're both politicking
and it's like our great revolutions and our great victories against fascism have always
come down to how can you fight organic freedom, how can you fight sexuality, how can you fight
poetry, how can you fight humor, how can you fight music, there's nothing to get your hands
around, there's no throat there.
But yeah, it's a culture war.
We got those socialist gritty memes now though.
That's like the first positive step we've taken ever.
But I think it would be amazing and relatively hard, it wouldn't be dirty combat to be like,
hey, here's this Trumpy bear and make them all buy a thing, then reveal to them three
months later that all of that money went to black scholarships or abortions or whatever
and then they have to like take it down from the gun rack in their bar and either burn
it, but it's got an American flag in it.
Isn't there like a little caveat on the thing that says...
There's a disclaimer people were pointing out and there's another website or whatever
because it's a real thing, but the question is, is it a real thing that's kind of a cynically
jovial right thing, which wouldn't be the first time.
I mean, they've gotten...
Oh yeah, they've gotten so hard too.
You can tell who's kidding anymore.
They sell mugs and shit.
But it's either that or it does say, there's like this very specific caveat about you can't
return this damaged and it's sort of like, I don't know.
Oh, see, it's got to be a graft, a put-on, a Trojan bear.
If you watch the ad, truly the actors do seem like they're kind of like trying to be like
almost jokey.
I don't know.
It really rides the line.
They're having a good time, but let's say it's real, they're gonna sell a lot of those
Trumpy bears.
Yeah, well, you don't put an ad on the television if you're gonna sell it.
Let's say it's fake.
They'd be stupid to not sell a million Trumpy bears and use that money for it.
No, they're definitely selling something.
You can't just put on a TV, it costs a lot of money, Jeff.
Yeah.
How much does a Trumpy bear go for, Spencer, do you know?
Two payments of $19.95.
Two payments.
Wow.
And like a build a bear as well, like 30 bucks, 20 bucks.
Okay.
I don't know.
Levy pointed out that we haven't yet to talk about Red Dead Redemption 2.
Yeah, no shit, Levy.
It brought to mind this text message exchange that I just had with Cody today.
Now, before I go into this, I really want you to understand that I'm one of the people
who thinks this is a masterpiece of a video game.
So I know how flamed up we get about our video game culture.
That was a good movie.
That was a bad movie.
It looked like a fucking Civil War reenactment compared to Vietnam, like the way that people
are like, you're wrong, it's a bad game.
So I feel like the need to disclaim this and go, I'm a fan of the game because I was just
doing a bit for myself.
Because Cody sent me a tweet, a picture of a tweet from a guy that tweeted, gave up on
Red Dead Redemption 2 because I couldn't figure out which horse was mine.
Fuck this game.
So I texted Cody back, all he has to do is whistle and his horse would walk up to him.
Fuck that guy.
Yeah, I just learned you can like put, you can tie someone up and put them on the back
of their own horse and then, or no, put them on the back of your horse, then get on their
horse and ride their horse and whistle for your horse to follow behind you.
And then you can carry a deer on the back of your horse too.
Everyone wins, except for the person tied up.
Is there a button that says whistle?
Oh yeah, there's a button.
It's the up button.
You know the button that says whistle, don't you?
It's just the button that puts your lips together and the button that blows.
That was a nice, that was a nice to have and have not referenced.
The reference is so old that we get it because if it survived these many sandstorms, we all,
oh no, it's not like, yeah, okay.
How many buttons we got in this thing if there's a whistle button on the controller?
You know, there's a controller, there's like 90 fucking buttons.
So Cody made the mistake of typing, ha, ha, and so now I got a nickel in me and I, well,
what a provocative asshole she is.
No, no, that's not.
So I texted, the reason he should give up is because it takes five attempts to stand
in front of a biscuit the way that lets you pick it up.
And she texted, ha, okay, I go back to sleep.
Come cuddle soon.
Harvey's saving your spot for you, which is her saying, you know, enough.
So I kind of like, I was like, it'd be funny if I kept going.
He should give up because the missions require you to slaughter entire towns, but if you
accidentally press the fart button while you're tipping your hat, your honor goes down and
ammunition costs more.
He should give up because if, if you kill a man that tries to kill you and another man
sees you do it, you have to run and make the third man pinky swear not to share his experience
with his family over dinner, because if you just kill him, the price of bacon goes up.
And if you just ignore him, he instantly tells the world you're a murderer and that
means you have to go to the post office.
It's true.
Yeah.
It doesn't sound like bits.
It's true.
I don't know if you can buy bacon in the game.
That's the only thing that's not true.
I tried to pick up a dead person's hat and I put it on and it was like, this hat will
not be saved.
This is not your default hat.
And I was like, you told me to pick up the hat.
There's almost only one reason he shouldn't give up on Red Dead Redemption two.
And that reason is because you can't find your horse.
You can only find your horse in that game.
There's a mind reading homing horse that can teleport to the bottom of cliffs.
Here are some things that are harder to find than your horse in Red Dead Redemption two.
Your clothes, your friends, your objectives, a satchel with room for more than nine things,
a way to survive without carrying nine pieces of food, a bowl of stew, your own left leg
while taking a bath, the guy that keeps moaning in the hotel in the town of Valentine, a way
to fuck any of the 26 workers in the saloon that compulsively ask you if you want some
company every time you walk by them, interactions with random men that don't force you to choose
between beating the fuck out of them or walking away while they call you a pussy, treasure
maps that function more like maps than Pictionary with an autistic child, a way to win a gunfight
with more than two men that doesn't involve running away and sneaking back seven times,
any recourse whatsoever to role-playing as anything other than a sad, drunk, confused,
psychotic, wobbling through mud, slurring at everyone or hiding in the wilderness, mutilating
animals in the pathetic hope that if you cut enough skin off, enough deer, you might be
able to pick up enough motor function to walk from one end of a room to the other without
accidentally dying or killing.
Well now I want to go home and play somewhere because I just remembered how awesome this
game is. It's good. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Okay, come home now, please. I got to work more,
sorry. I did, I had to work more. Damn. Did you? Well, not as hard as I did on that.
I had this, like one of the last things I did, because the game kind of puts these random
events in front of you, and so it's these two lawmen are pulling a wagon with a prisoner
and just between you and me, the prisoner is like an older black woman, and she's saying
like, I didn't do it. I didn't do anything. I'm innocent. And so I'm like, well, the game
is telling me I got to save this lady. And so I sneak up on him and I shoot him both
in the head, and I'm trying to, I'm trying to hide the bodies because, you know, I don't
want to go get in trouble. And so then another cop comes and I shoot him and then I'm like,
well, I'm just going to let this lady out and run away. And then, so then three more
cops come and I get a big firefight and I kill like four horses on accident. It's a whole
nightmare. I have like a $40 bounty on my head. And then I finally let the old lady out and
she's like, thank you so much. By the way, sonny, there's this old turnip farm down
south that you can rob. And I was like, what the fuck is all these, all these, yeah, everyone,
all these missions, like there's a robbery opportunity. Yeah. It's weird. You know what
it's weird because I never, I was never confused in a Grand Theft Auto game. No, because everyone
sucks. Right. And that was arguably, you know, it's hard culturally and let alone
that and with the with gaming is the fucking epicenter of this like crazy cultural like
the fucking tea cup ride that we've been on. But you know, obviously like like Rockstar
Games in Grand Theft Auto was like this thing was like, hey, it's gaming, it's its own medium.
Not only are we not accountable to standards and practices, we're not accountable to like
any like constructs of morality that even the individual human might have, which you
know, I like like, I understand why people would get alarmed of that later being encroached
upon. I don't know how how much thought the people that get mad put into it. But I I do
remember going, boy, this is this is really actually very valuable latitude to have a medium
in a world where we're such a successful first world empire that our television shows, even
though they've progressed from someone's got to keep their foot on the floor or if they're
in the bedroom together to being able to look at two people wearing pajamas in a bed next
to each other. Let you know, let's let's, you know, we're in danger of stagnation when
we get successful and our media becomes another product like eggs on a shelf that's like so
safe and so policed that, you know, it's like how you get conditioned to react to restrictive
thought, but you know, or anomalous thought with, you know, pulling back. And that's all
I so so I remember playing Grand Theft Auto three and being like, this is valuable. It's
cynical. It's awful. It's so cynical. Right. But it's so it's a it's it's it's valuable
that it's expansive and well being so fucking poisonous. And it's equally poisonous to absolutely
everything about society. Exactly. And it's consistent. And it was just sort of like, you
know, it was that whole like freedom of speech is way more fucking important than than anything
because through that, if you lose that, you're certainly fucked no matter how good you think
you are as a society. And and and and I mean, that's a that's so long ago now and it's weird
to think of it as long ago because that game was so relatively like I just still think
of it as like a recent accomplishment that this Grand Theft Auto three represented this
like gigantic kind of leap forward in sandbox open world gaming. And it's so anyways, but
and then I don't even want to comment because it's such a minefield of like how then we
keep making Grand Theft Auto games and and like even better ones through an era where
like, you know, this Gamergate shit starts happening and people are having these conversations
about what what what cultures are we promoting and why are you mad? Why are you mad? Why
are you mad? What are you trying to protect? I'm not trying to protect any way you're trying
to attack it. I didn't attack anything. Why are you trying to keep everything the same?
I'm not trying to keep shit the same. I want them to do but she's a slut. But it's amazing
to me that that that you know, it's like they had the Old West version of Grand Theft Auto
Red Dead Redemption that this is seven years in the making the sequel to that to that game.
And it's just so it's it's interesting to look at the tightrope that they're walking
the complete difference in like morals. But I think it's a little confusing because I
think it's very confusing. I wouldn't want them to you know what the most moral thing
you can do in Red Dead Redemption is shooting people in the foot and then tying them up
and leaving them in the bushes. That's completely legal. No one will ever follow you for doing
that. What is the come up the come up into like if you get caught by the oh you have
to pay $40 to the post office, you go to the post office and you pay your thing in Grand
Theft Auto. It's not confusing. $40 is a lot of money, Jeff. It's not fucking 2018 in
Grand Theft Auto. You're always in a car. You do something wrong. You get a wanted you
get wanted stars. And the fun of it is if you you know, you got one goal like a little
kid playing tag or something, you know, you got to you have these paint shops around town
is basically one of one of only a few ways that you can if you get during a during a
high speed chase, even if you it keeps increasing in stars. So the more stars you're wanted,
the more levels of law enforcement come out. So you eventually it's helicopters and SWAT
teams and tanks and the National Guard comes to get you. And at any point, you can just
pull into a spray shop and have your car instantly spray painted. And when you pull out, as long
as you don't bump anybody on the backing out, you're you're free again. They're not they
can't find you. Your car is a different color. Now, obviously, that's ridiculous. However,
if you look at it from a gaming mechanics standpoint, it's actually hard to emulate
that in the old West under any circumstances. You can't get your horse painted, your horse
painted, and it somehow works a little better. But my point is, I don't think it's really
an internal logic issue. I think it's that look, I mean, I think it's like, I think it's
like they're great at making these games. I think that part of them being great at making
games is that they have this sort of almost it's ingrained in there, because I see the
same names in the credits. There's, you know, it's not like a new generation of of people
taking over and a brand, they see the same names of designers and stuff. And it's like,
I think that they they probably goes hand in hand, being able to make such a crazy open
world sandbox game and having a mind that's probably pretty allergic to the concept of
putting things on rails, especially morally. However, you got to admit that Red Dead Redemption
2 certainly in a game set in the old West with multiracial characters and a bunch of
women in it, there's a notable absence of of the the degrees of of depth in the moral
sense that the game goes to compared to like, I can't name examples offhand, but you just
kind of sense it. You're like, well, you know, it kind of just tries to slam in your face
that like, no matter what you are, you're kind of the bad guys. And I don't know, which
is the point of it. And to me, I keep getting confused. I think because of that, I think
it's because there's like a, it's like, oh, if I could just get it through my head that
it's Grand Theft Auto on a fucking horse and stop. But I keep being told by the game that
it's horrible when you do bad things, though, unlike in Grand Theft Auto, it feels very
empty. But at this, it's like, I don't know, someone's like, how you doing? And then you
like step on her foot in the horse and she's like, yeah, it just like, it feels it's like,
oh, no, I got to reload my save. Like it feels horrible to do anything wrong in this game
where in Grand Theft Auto, it's kind of like, haha.
Also the sophistication, it doesn't, it's like, it's, it's, it's a, the mechanics are
like, it's a, it's a, it's a great thing. You can like walk and you pull the left trigger
when you see somebody in context when you comes up. So you can kind of experience these things
and like, you walk by, they say random things and you got, you got your binary option of
or I guess triple option because you can, you can diffuse antagonize or greet. But the,
the upshot is that you can walk in real time and almost kind of like marionette a real person
in terms of like verbal encounters with strangers. If that's your jam, if what you want is immersiveness
and you experience walking and, and just howdy, hey, fuck yourself. Hey, you don't got to
be like that and keep walking. And you're, and you're like, you're kind of like, all
of these things are not like times not stopping and you don't have to like, you know, load
this and do that. And, and that's really cool. But the, the downside of that is if you're
really immersed in this world, you're walking around and people are constantly saying, I
don't like the looks in your face. And I'm like, and all you can do is tie him up and
toss him in a bush. It's like, it's like, you know, from a gaming perspective that there's
no profit in stopping and doing anything with this person. But it's like so immersive now
that I'm like, I'm the guy that it took, it took so long to go bisexual and fall out.
It's like, you know, because I, I just like, I have this like, I'm like, I, I, I, it's
part of my, I think my clinical narcissism is that you can really get me into a game
and I, and tell me that, you know, that's me. And then I'll take that really seriously.
You can't be bisexual and red dead. I, well, I don't know.
You can't even have sex with the, with the sex workers there.
Yeah. He doesn't seem to be into women for whatever reason.
One thing that I was confused by, you said one of the hard things to do in, in red dead
redemption too is you can't find your left leg in a bathtub.
Oh yeah.
Yeah. That's a real thing. You take a bath, sometimes you have to pay 50 cents to do that.
And if you go and take a bath, that event, you, after you finish washing your head, there's
a knock on the door and a woman says, would you like, would you like some help in there?
And if you pay 50 cents, a woman will come in and this goes to this kind of labyrinth
thing. There's no game to it, right?
No, you just press, you just press any number of buttons that you want to.
Just indicating what part of your body you want washed. And then there's an option to
make small talk while you're doing it. And she responds with, you know, algorithmically.
And she, I was like, Oh, it's, it's like, it's eventually this is you're going to unlock
a hand job or something.
That's what it leads you to believe. But I don't know. After the first one, I was like,
this just seems like a red herring to me.
It's really weird. But then again, that's what I mean, Grand Theft Auto was kind of,
they let it leak that there was a way to get a sex worker in your car.
Oh, that's different. I was thinking the hot coffee.
It wasn't like an automatic thing. Anyways, but there's no, there's no funny business,
no sex happening in the game.
Not unless you assume something's happening under the water that is both instantaneous
and that he has a poker face about it because he's, that he's a cowboy and he doesn't want
to.
But in a lot of the interactions, it sets up that he's kind of just not interested
in anyone who expresses.
Let's spread a rumor that he's gay.
Well, I mean, yeah, who knows, he might be, but he certainly doesn't seem into it. He
pisses people off.
He's an asexual cowboy.
It's great.
That would be a huge advantage in the old West, I think, to be asexual.
That's true because he's always having to go after like women and haul them into prison
and stuff. You know, you can't be seducted or, you know,
I have asexual questions. Is anybody openly asexual? Also, is that a thing?
Like, or is it a thing?
Yeah.
Are you, I'm not even going to make eye contact because I don't want to put you in the spot.
If you don't want to be put on the spot, are you, are you, are you self-applying that,
that phrase?
Oh, okay.
Me neither, by the way.
But yeah, if anybody, if anybody, if anybody's like, like, confidently like, yeah, I'm asexual,
that's what I identify as. I'd love to have a conversation with you if you don't mind
being asked.
Especially if you're also a cowboy.
Some naive.
That would be great.
That would be, but I would consider that great.
We'll get a fucking asexual cowboy up our faces.
We're going to be podcast dynamite.
We're going to be a cowboy.
We have a cowboy.
You know, if you're, if you really follow the code of what we understand to be the true
cowboy, you would be asexual, wouldn't you?
Well, yeah.
Buy?
Why buy?
Okay.
True cowboys, true cowboys have sex with land genies.
You just want bisexuality to get, you know, signal boosted in any context.
You're like, you're like that guy at every protest that has the legalized weed.
I think like the, a lot of cowboys, when they, because they always leave at the end, you
know, like Shane or you know, like, they write off in the sense that they're like, they're
like, bye-bye sexual, like, bye-bye.
Yeah.
Thank you.
It is kind of defined at least in silver screen terms as like, you know, I mean, one of the
major foundations is for sure, unless you're a bad guy, you don't, you don't, you don't
cross boundaries with an unwilling filly, you know, like you, you're certainly not maybe
regarding women as equals in a society governed by reason, but that's, a lot of that's not
your fault as a cowboy.
You're just, you're just a cowboy, but you, but, but you definitely are, you know, you're
not, you're never gonna, you wouldn't be a good cowboy if you, if you took liberties.
Right.
So, what'd you say?
Waterworld?
Waterworld by contrast.
Even in childhood, women are nothing more than maps to dry land.
Something to draw upon.
But there isn't a lot of westerns because there was, there were small cast, small sets, and
usually not a lot of women characters because of, for a lot of reasons, but one that actresses
were expensive, like to get a big star like, like, like, you know, Hollywood star in the,
in the thing, that in the same way, kind of like in Die Hard, there's, there's often
scenes in, in westerns where the bad guy and the good guy meet and it's almost flirtatious.
It's kind of like this.
Right.
Where there's kind of a sexual vibe to it, like in Shane with Jack Pounds when he sees
Alan Ladd, like, he kind of checks him out and it's, it's kind of like, it's, it's, it's
almost a little like sexy.
Well, definitely.
Yeah.
I mean, they certainly land that in Westworld with Yule Brenner and, let's just say, I mean,
it's like, like, even though he's a robot pretending to be a bad guy, kind of like,
Richard Benjamin.
Very sexual.
It's one, it's one actor with no eyebrows, another actor who has just 90% eyebrows.
Why don't you go home to your mama?
That movie sucks.
It starts off great.
It starts off so good.
Why are we in Rome now?
Like, like, they go to like, it's just, I just love the idea of the river in that movie,
the way that you can tell these, these, these robots that you can have sex with that look
like, so we'll look at their hands though.
They can't, science can't recreate the poem.
The fingertips are all weird.
That's how we felt in the 70s.
We felt like, we're going to, we're going to get there.
You know, you see these Halloween masks this year, they're pretty, but they're getting,
that guy looks a lot like Nixon.
And we just kind of, I think we thought like, yeah, you know, that hand, we were all intelligent
design people.
They were like, how do you, how do you ever make a fake hand?
It's a robot.
It's going to have claws.
We can make a guy look just like your runner.
Yeah, I rewatched that with church.
Speaking of Hollywood in the 70s and weird things.
Here's a podcast recommend.
There's an Australian podcast called Fatal Voyage.
It's a reexamination of Natalie Wood's death.
I guess that, I guess that, I guess, I guess it was technically reopened or something.
Like, because the captain that was on the boat.
For those of you who don't know Natalie Wood, she was an incredibly famous actor.
She, she married for a second time, Robert Wagner, who's still alive.
He was in this show called Heart to Heart.
And before that he was a movie star.
They had a, you know, the Natalie Wood was in a movie called Brainstorm with Christopher
Walken.
For some reason, this is the part that really confuses Schrab a lot more than it does me,
because I've always, I've always equated Christopher Walken with you.
Like, I always, why?
And I imagine coming off of the deer hunter and having an Oscar.
Like, like, like, like Schrab is, Schrab just can't get his mind around it.
It's like, why, who invites Christopher Walken alone onto a boat to Catalina and just hand,
and I'm like, doesn't it seem like something Jeff would just be like,
hmm, Natalie Wood, do you know what I mean, are you got?
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go.
Anything you want me to ask her?
And that you wouldn't bring a date.
Is that how I sound?
Hey boo boo, hey boo boo, hey boo boo.
Why am I a yokey bear?
What am I, rich little?
Hey boo boo, hey boo boo.
I had to make you sound different from me.
Okay.
But anyways, but just, I mean, for those who are totally un indoctrinated to this sort of like legendary kind of Hollywood Babylon thing,
where Natalie Wood drowned that weekend, and it was like, there were four people on the boat,
including the captain, and one of them ended up dead, and there was never a,
it was never really regarded as a homicide.
And so, all this time, it's always just been this thing of like,
something fucked up went on on that boat, and there's, there, there was always the,
I always, I always thought it was very silly and kind of provincial of people to go.
Well, the two automatic courses are like, obviously it's like, he was a jealous kind of husband,
he had a jealousy streak, he once followed Warren Beatty home with a gun because she was in a movie with him,
and he was like, you know, he's, he's capable of going there and jealous, jealousy.
So, obviously that's the first place.
Which is a big predictor for like serious male violence and murder.
It's obviously the first place you'd go in a regular, even regular death as you look at the husband first,
let alone if he's the only one capable of being near you, and there's a history there.
And there's four people on the boat, so there's the captain, Christopher Walken, the guy and the girl.
Right.
And I always thought, and so that, that always makes sense to me, but I always thought it was like a very kind of Midwestern
holly, looking at Hollywood thing that people would go, you know what really happened is Robert Wagner was fucking Christopher Walken.
Natalie Wood walked in and she was like, that's it.
And they clubbed her to death and threw her in the water.
I'm like, come on.
Like, why, why do we, why do we just, because that's the only other scenario that you can imagine.
And it's like, oh, Hollywood's bisexual and all this stuff.
But it, and then I'm going to turn this podcast over to you.
So I don't want to spoil everything, but it does turn out that Robert Wagner, that he was married to Natalie Wood twice.
And the reason they got divorced the first time is because she caught him in an affair with a man.
Oh, really?
And so that doesn't automatically mean you're going to fuck Christopher Walken as I'm connecting those dots.
But I was surprised to find that out and was like, holy shit.
But I said, but yeah, and so if we were to continue to talk about it, I tell you.
What was the podcast?
It's called Fatal Voyage.
It's just like one of those like one-off kind of mini-series.
Hell yeah.
That sounds awesome.
You know what I think?
It's another one called the RFK tapes, I think.
These are all, Cody finds these and we sleep to podcasts, but I think it's called the RFK tapes, RFK something.
It's a re-examination of the assassination of Robert Kennedy by this like weird guy, Sirhan Sirhan.
And a really fascinating, like intimate examination of a really nice, smart, cool guy who is absolutely convinced that this is an elaborate conspiracy.
And he doesn't have tin foil on his head.
He's not defensive.
He doesn't start throwing things if you say you think he's full of shit.
So it's like very, and yet what he believes is the case is so hard to believe.
But it's fun to listen to for a couple episodes.
The couple being, it's totality, and I don't mean it takes a shit in the middle.
Yeah, I like to come to Harmontown and get my recommendations for other podcasts.
If you haven't listened to Heavyweight are ever on...
I go to Trader Joe's to get coupons to Ralph's.
My friend Rob Corddry was on this show.
It's a good entry point if you don't have any other.
But there's this show called Heavyweight.
Now I can't remember the guy's name, John Goldstein or something like that.
But it's a network, Gimlet Media.
He's this guy who just gets up in other people's business.
So if you have a...
I think it's called Heavyweight because it usually deals with shit that's weighed on people for a while and has been unresolved.
People come to him and say, I haven't spoken to my aunt in 30 years
and I'm convinced it's because she thinks I'm racist or whatever.
We had an argument over pretzels at this lake house or whatever.
I just can't talk to her.
I get these mixed signals and all this stuff and then he'll just call her.
He just kind of realized at some point in his life that the only thing he was good at was...
Resolving stuff?
Getting his nose in everybody's business.
Does he fix shit?
Yeah, no, he very much does.
Otherwise he would be a horrible person.
Sounds like a Red Dead redemption character.
He's got a very high resolution rate.
Even when it sometimes it turns out that the person that thought that their issue was with someone else,
it turns out that they need to confront somebody about themselves and he'll successfully get that.
Alright, so you're Red Dead, you're walking around, somebody calls you an asshole, you step on their foot, they scream.
What button, physically, how do you tie somebody up? What's the interface that you use a rope to tie somebody up?
Well first, Jeff, you'd hold down the LB button to bring up your weapon wheel.
Hopefully you have your lap so equipped already.
Yeah, hopefully you loaded that out for when you got off your horse.
Or you're on your horse.
And you use the control stick to select it.
And then now you have your rope equip.
And then you hold down the R trigger, I think, and the L trigger to aim and swing it around.
Oh man, you're aiming and you let it go by letting go the trigger.
And then I think you then immediately have to hit the trigger again to hold on to it.
Otherwise, when you tie them up, you will immediately let them go and they will get up and run away.
But if you hold the trigger and you hold them tied up and then you can slowly walk to them and hog tie them with the B button.
Thank you very much, Spencer.
Yeah, my first bounty was that black widow lady.
That's why it's good to be asexual in that game.
Think of what she'd pulled.
Well, I wasn't tempted to do anything.
She tries to tempt you.
Well, I know, but I'm not.
But I got my lasso out and I was like, I'm not having any conversation with this person.
I successfully lassoed her from my horse, but then getting off my horse I let go of the rope.
She got up and just immediately, it was like a nightmare.
She came up at the moment and started slashing me with a knife.
And then I just did what I always do.
I ran.
I spent so much of that game just running off into the wilderness.
And then come back around in a big circle while they slowly forget I ever existed and go back to doing what they were doing.
If you lasso somebody but don't hold down the trigger once they're lassoed, do they get up and run away?
Yeah, it's like you've essentially just tripped them.
But now you've also lost your rope.
No, no, you have infinite rope for some reason.
Yeah, your infinite rope.
Oh yeah, it's great.
Yeah, no, but I that same exact thing happened to me and then she like slashed me like four times and I was almost dead and I like ran off 15 feet and then tied her up.
It was great.
You really that's the only thing you could do in this game is tie people up.
It's amazing.
It sounds terrible.
Yeah, you could also shoot animals.
It's a gorgeous game.
I mean, it's really like the combination of the kind of the dedication of some team over there because I remember Grand Theft Auto 5 came out.
Is that the one where you're Russian?
I think four.
I remember there was a kind of like, I think there's, you know, there's people.
You can imagine there's probably camps that are like, we need to make this thing look fucking gorgeous and have all these details and you should be able to have a cell phone and farm potatoes.
And that there are times that those teams are the enemy of a good game because you're just like, just make it a little better than San Andreas and we will all would have been so happy.
But then I mean, I think this game represents that camp getting getting getting to have their day in court.
They're like, the technology is here.
The screens are 4k.
The boxes can run it like, let's make a let it be photo realistic.
No cut scenes.
They try so hard for there to never be any transition to anything.
So you're just like walking through saloon doors and then you're in the saloon until you leave.
And there's never any loading or anything.
Well, there is some loading.
Don't write letters.
There's no guests.
My feet are tired.
I usually don't sit down until there's a guest.
Nova, do you want to come up or are you tired of being exploited?
Okay.
Our guest, Nova.
Can I just quickly give a plug?
We still need some audience members for Wednesday to Friday.
So if you guys want a free show sometime this week, come come to harm a quest tapings harm a quest dot com particular.
Oh yeah, we're doing that in a couple days.
Yeah, Saturday and Sunday, I think are full, but we really we really could use some more people.
They're free seats, I think.
So Wednesday to Friday this week, if you guys are interested.
Wednesday.
I'm going to get my hair cut by the person whose job is supposedly only to comb my hair.
Oh, no.
I'm sure they're stoked about that.
Yeah.
So I get paid the same, but I have to touch your fucking gross scalp.
Are we doing like any kind of meeting?
Have a meeting before this?
Or am I just showing up to the thing in two days and we're just going to start bone-weave a little bit again?
I'd love to talk to you.
I don't know when Erin's showing up, but yeah, I mean, we should do that.
Absolutely.
We should do a lot of things to prepare.
It really caught me off guard.
I was thinking among many things that ex-wife Erin McGathy would buy before we were taping that she would probably pop by the show and
reconnoit her with the audience.
Hello, Nova.
Hello.
Sorry, Nova.
No, no problem.
How are you doing?
Good.
Why?
That seemed a little equivocal.
No, I'm just, I don't know, I'm in a weird mood, but yeah, I've been good.
Yeah.
I'm sold.
Fair enough.
When I'm in a weird mood, I usually find that when people pester me about it, it makes me explain.
It makes you normal, right?
Yeah.
It just evens it out.
Well, it usually leads to me being so desperate to feel something that I'll even exaggerate shit.
And it'll be a conversation that ends with the person going, Jesus Christ, well, God, feel better.
Well, you kept asking me how I was.
I had to make something up.
Oh.
But is your weird mood, do those still waters actually run deep?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm in a weird place right now because I don't want to talk forever or anything.
But yeah, I've been trying to get down my anxiety, so I've started meditating and then...
That's great.
Yeah, I'm going to try.
By the way, when has anyone on the show ever gotten away with talking anywhere near forever except me?
That's true.
Yeah, no, I'll be interrupted if I talk too much.
That's good.
You'll be interrupted if you're sharing a really deeply personal thing.
I'll be like, well, let me tell you about that.
Yeah.
And I'm going to try to eat better and more regularly, and I'm going to try to start exercising,
and hopefully that'll bring my anxiety down, and I'll be able to function better.
It hasn't destroyed my anxiety, but it has helped somewhat to exercise, so I hope you get some relief from that.
I think it'll be good, yeah, especially like the meditation.
And it's kind of that, and then I'm happy, and I'm doing things I like, and I'm starting to relax.
But then there's also, like, I'm having all these existential crises,
and I'm upset about all the awful things happening, which usually I never pay attention to,
but lately it's really hit me bad.
Sure.
And so it's this weird kind of, I'm just having a weird kind of time at home,
kind of having existential crises and feeling bad, and then kind of like finding how to make it okay,
and kind of having fun and stuff, so, yeah.
At home, I know you're quite young, and you live in with the folks.
Yeah.
And you're, stop me if I, I only know so much about you, and I assume none of it is things that you don't want me to blurt into a microphone,
but your dad picked you up from the show when they were talking.
Yeah, he takes me here.
He drops you off, he doesn't come in to watch, he's just like, go watch that podcast.
Yeah, he drops me off, yeah.
He works from home, so he can pick up his stuff and work at a coffee shop or anywhere, and he likes to get out of the house.
So it's good for both of us, he definitely doesn't mind it.
Do you mind talking about the situation at home?
Sure.
Is it anxiety inducing right now?
Oh, no, I just kind of, I've realized, I've been, well yeah, if we want to get deep, that's fine.
What do you think these people are craving?
I just talked about other people's podcasts for 40 minutes.
There needs to be bloodshed, or they're going to be like, I want my $8, $10 back.
Well, yeah, I mean, life has been weird for a while.
In senior year, I went into like a half-homeschool program that turned out to be the worst thing for me,
because there was no structure, so I barely graduated.
Should have gone full homeschool.
That's a joke at the expense of our public school system.
Oh, yeah.
No, I should have definitely stated it.
Just for me, just for me, homeschool can be great.
That's a real criticism of her parents' homeschooling ability.
No, because it was on me, because it was a half-homeschool program where the students kind of decided their own curriculum's almost,
and a lot of them did really well, because there were kind of different kind of kids, and a lot of them were geniuses and stuff,
but for me, it did not work. I needed structure, and yeah.
You mean a lot of these programs typically go well, because you're referring to other kids?
No, I just meant mine. I don't know about other ones, but homeschool can be really good for certain people.
Okay, yeah.
Usually kids that are like, they could be two grades ahead,
or they're really, really interested in a super specific thing, and really good at it, or things like that.
Do you have recourse to therapy? Are you in any kind of therapy?
Yeah.
Yeah, I've been in therapy for like two years.
Well, I've been in and out of therapy since I was like a kid, but I've had one.
That person probably tells you not to blame yourself for, like, a lot, right?
Yes.
Yeah, yeah. I get guilty about kind of like being the way I am or something, or I kind of used to,
and she tries to tell me like, no, it makes sense why you are, how you are, and it doesn't matter anyway.
I try to be, sometimes I'll be like, why is this thing, you know, about me, and great grammar,
and she'll be like, it doesn't matter. All that matters is that it's like here and what we do about it,
and if we accept it or if we try to get rid of it or whatever, it doesn't matter how or why things are the way they are.
Yeah, that's a very religious question.
Oh, I guess it's kind of existential.
Yeah. Why am I having this problem? Like, yeah.
That is really existential. I've thought about that a lot. Yeah.
I like that aspect of modern therapy, that there's been a swing into the focus on the concept of happiness,
and that, like, that my therapist is constantly saying, because I'll accidentally ask her, like,
I don't know, should I do this or should I do that, or some kind of question that's more subjective,
and she'll go, look, I don't know, I'm your mechanic, I'm here to make you happy.
Oh, interesting.
Right, like, it's like, like, like, that's the goal is for me to be happy,
not for me to be a good person necessarily, although those things tend to go hand in hand,
because if you have a definition of good person and you achieve it, you're probably going to be happier
than if you live in defiance of your concept of goodness.
Yeah, well, that's my thing too, is that I have extremely high moral standards, just for myself,
not even for anybody other than myself, but despite the fact that I don't think I come anywhere close
to meeting those or even other people's standards, I'm constantly told all the time,
mostly by my therapist, that I'm too hard on myself and that I'm too critical,
and I'm like, really, are you sure?
Like, you know, are you sure I shouldn't be harder on myself even than I am?
And she's just like, no.
But yeah, what was I gonna...
Yeah, for me, it's usually pretty much everything I've ever had that I brought into therapy has been like,
it's okay, though, like, you know, it's not that big a deal or kind of like, and not in a fake way,
but really just like, no, that's fine, like, it's okay, or I don't know.
I almost, I detect a tone in your voice that's like, if you're like me, that's a little dissatisfying.
You want some good wills to get hunted.
Yes.
You want epiphanies, you want to do dramatic work.
I was crazy, yeah.
I spent a lot, I did what my first 10 therapists, I would very often pull out the insult challenge,
was like, look, I've been here three times, like, what do you get paid to do?
I'm still fucking crazy.
You know what, yeah, what my problem is is that I'm extremely self-aware,
so I'll go into therapists and I'll explain all these things about myself,
and you know, I think it could be caused by this thing, and I think this might be a way to fix it and blah, blah, blah,
and I'm like, and people are noticing this about me, and that's not the way I was,
they're just like, I don't know what to do.
Yeah.
That's why my current therapist is really good, and I don't know, she's very honest as far as I can tell at least.
Or very good at being dishonest.
Exactly.
What did she do for all our therapists listening?
What did she do, what was like a moment when you were like, okay, you're off the chopping block,
or okay, I'm gonna maybe come up or down to your level, but in any case, like, work with you a little bit here,
as opposed to like, when is this bitch gonna help me kind of?
At first, I thought she was kind of too hard on me sometimes, even though again, I think I'm hard on myself,
when other people are hard on me, I'm still like, well, don't do that, you know?
Well, that's, yeah, I mean...
Don't call me out on things.
That's the thing though.
I mean, Sarah Silverman was the first person to point that out to me,
like, self-loathing, self-loving, like, it's about you, and like, nobody's more defensive than someone at self-loathing.
You're like, I'm just a poopy pants, and someone goes like, well, you do have a little bit of poop in your pants,
and you're like, you're a fucking asshole.
Like, you're all the more outrageous.
You're like, I just shot myself, and you're shooting me through the hole?
Exactly, exactly.
It's outrageous.
I know.
Yeah, I think at first I thought maybe she was a little bit too much of a person that was very blunt,
and I don't know, didn't want to like, sugarcoat or whatever, and it's like, I don't know, I like people to be genuine,
but when it's like a therapist, I don't like if they're like, kind of, hard on me,
and I think she got to a point where she is still like that, and she doesn't sugarcoat things,
but she's learned that I respond to positivity and not negativity, so she's kind of just learned who I am and what I need,
and that some people need to be like, they need to have a kick in the butt,
but then some people need to have a little hope of like, you can do it.
It really depends on the person what's going to actually motivate you.
I think my therapist, the threshold for me was when it was finally set out loud,
because when it comes to drinking, everybody else other than me is a square.
They don't understand what I understand about drinking my relationship with it,
and I get nervous when squares get into that territory,
and then I get nervous about getting nervous about getting nervous,
because squares react to you getting nervous about the subject of you drinking
the way that they've read on the Milton Bradley box for playing talk to an alcoholic
that's just like, denial's the first line, and it's like, yeah, okay, so,
and then you get nervous about it, and it just took a really long time of cat and mouse with her bringing up my drinking,
where I was on one hand not willing to talk about it with her,
but on the other hand, not willing to not be willing to talk about it,
because I didn't want to fuel either of those furnaces,
and then there was just some crucial conversation we had where maybe she finally figured out
that what she needed to do was promise me that she was never going to ask me to stop drinking,
which you would think would be a horrible thing to do,
because you either have to stop or you don't, but because she finally said that,
I've now had so many more conversations about something that's so fundamental to my psychology,
which was my relationship with self-medication,
than I ever would have with anybody who, no matter how noble their purpose was,
was just going to take a position of like, well, let's talk about your drinking,
and she finally, you know, just like a cowboy coming up to a spooked horse, you know,
it's just like the horse needs to know you're not going to throw a saddle on it, which you are.
But, you know, honestly, Dave Kline's not here, is he?
Because otherwise, there would have been seven upes by now.
But Dave Kline, my physical therapist, if you will,
like the guy that comes and watches me do tummy crunches.
Well, that's a pretty pejorative description of my occupation.
The guy that makes me do tummy crunches.
But it's like, early on...
Was that me again?
Early on, there was a lot of weird...
Because I Instagram live all of it, and there's probably an archive of it where like,
I was like, so...
Like, that was like this control freak barrier.
Like, I don't want another person being able to come into my home
and just tell me to do more sit-ups if I feel like I've done enough.
It's like, it just, like, it hits this nerve, not laziness.
But something beyond that where it's like,
I think it goes back to just being afraid on the playground of like,
guys that were good at football or something like that.
But anyways, like, now that I think about it, it's like the exact same thing.
Trust is so powerful and rare.
I just got to a point in therapy...
Remember when I promised you wouldn't be able to talk forever?
I just got to a point in therapy where it's...
It's like, there's so much shit.
It was like such a sink full of dishes to do that I was so unenthused about.
Like, can we get to this fundamental stuff?
And it's like, no, you can't do that stuff.
There's fucking macaroni stuck to this tray.
Yes, it's been there forever.
Yes, you don't think it's important, but let's soak this shit and all that blah blah blah.
And I finally now just started to have conversations with her about the fact that I don't have intimate relationships.
Like, I have lovers and then I have my kind of round table of musketeers.
Metaphore mix kind of intentional because it's like, what are we?
I work with my friends.
There's always, like, it's always a business.
There's always an exit, you know, available.
I don't have these friendships that I see portrayed in movies and television,
let alone described in hallmark cards, but I also don't know if those are real.
But like, I don't, it's like trust.
Like, I don't want anybody to be able to, like, hurt me.
It's very generic sounding stuff, but like, it's so fucking profound to me.
Like, I can't just like, Spencer and I were talking about this when we were walking in New York.
About vulnerability.
Yeah, Dan also talks about that a lot on the podcast that comes out next time.
I think it was a really valuable thing.
Not that this podcast is there for worthless.
No, this one's better.
I think this was money well spent.
I think it's good you guys drove to a bad neighborhood.
Yeah, thanks so much.
I just, how do you, because Spencer kind of spontaneously offered me while we were walking and talking about it.
He had this like, you know, odd personal visual metaphor for his heart.
Like a mental image.
And he was like, I know it's weird, but I see my heart like this.
And I was like, oh, no, I see my heart in an incredibly specific way too.
Do you have an image in your head of how your heart works?
Maybe sometimes I think about it.
I think more how my brain works.
But like when people hurt your feelings and stuff.
Like the way, yeah, the, the paths in and out, like if you pictured like your feelings as being like in the center of your chest.
And then like you had to like draw a picture with crayons of like how it works mechanically.
Not pumping blood, but like letting things in and out, like letting feelings, whatever.
Is there like an image that comes to mind?
Minds a spiky clam shell.
Like cloister from Pokemon with a heart in the middle.
But it used withdrawal already.
In order to give you time to think I will not, not to satisfy my fetish for talking over people.
I will, I will, I will do mine and then you can maybe if you take a whack at yours.
But I just, it's fun.
It's been a bit of how it like I've always just had this very clear image of this very steampunk iron orb with rivets and like it's just, it's just absolutely proudly defiantly
sealed off.
But powerful.
And that it can, you know, there's very specific channels coming out of it that go out of that completely out of its vicinity because the power that's coming out of it has no place around it.
That would be really foolish architecture.
And so it carries things as far away as possible where they can be used and processed and help other people.
And but the real key is that if you're standing near it, there's no fucking way you're going to get anything but burnt or scalded or, or, or, you know, it's like, it's like a point of pride how inaccessible it is because it's like there's this feeling in my head of like that I that I took me all this time to
reexamine where I'm like, it, that's how it should be.
It should be proud of that.
It's like playing a tower defense game.
Like, like, like, oh, look, my inventory.
You can't get near it.
You shouldn't be able to.
You'll fuck it up.
So all right, now you go better be good.
Well, I think the way that I was like, I was like, oh, I haven't, I haven't thought about my heart visually like that.
But I think the way that you're talking about your heart is I'm just really gay.
I'm just really gay.
Nova.
What the fuck you we're opening ourselves up.
No wonder I keep a fucking iron shell around my heart.
Yeah, homophobic attacks.
Sorry, go ahead.
I think the way you're just you're thinking of your heart is maybe I've thought about my brain, but it's like maybe I feel the same way about it.
When I think about who I am and my emotions and how I can be hurt.
I'm not picturing my brain, but I think I think I probably think about it and I don't know.
I got really into I got really into inside out when I came out and when it came out and not when I came out.
Just in the thought of like, there's the five emotions, you know, and then they have these essences and don't forget those memory islands.
God damn it.
That story has problems.
Sorry, I don't mean to derail you.
Don't get mad.
It made me cry, too.
I also cried during the movie.
I'm not stomping on your garden and going, there's nothing of value here.
No, yeah.
Well, because it's also like a real psychology concept of there being like five emotions and stuff.
And I think I think of myself as a very emotional being and a person of sort of moods and flavors and whatnot.
That sounds stupid, but I think maybe if I were to picture like my heart, it would be sort of a swirling essence of different colors and maybe sort of like smoke.
I don't know.
Like I've thought about like aura.
I've been told by like more than one person, like that my aura is purple, which is, I mean, that's like two people.
So it's not like, oh, that's the craziest coincidence ever.
Like it must be real, but.
No, it's purple.
Damn.
Jeff, do you see auras?
No.
I believe that.
It's psychic.
Just nervous.
Is it purple a good one?
I guess there's not a lot of bad aura.
They describe the people who've told me out of purple auras that it's like sort of cosmic.
It's like kind of different out there and like, I don't know, loving or bright or something, which is sounds really, really narcissistic coming from my own self.
But yeah, I don't know.
I think I would think of it as just sort of a thing of feelings and different things.
And I don't know.
I kind of match things up in my head of sort of like, oh, these things all have the same essence or the same vibe.
And that's just sort of the way I think about things more than like concrete things.
That sounds healthier.
Less practical, but that's okay.
I think it's interesting that things get more complicated when you get up to your brain.
And the reason I will Dan explain that I find that interesting is because I don't feel that way at all.
It's like the brain for me is like, get up there like where you can just run your fucking mouth and for better or for worse, it'll all come out and wash and all this stuff.
However, and I know you don't want to be, you know, laser focused on as a representative of anything or whatever.
But the thing that makes you different from me is that at some point in your life you started to feel conflicted about identity in a way that is absolutely incompatible with like neurotypical mainstream society.
Whereas I never had to think about myself as anything but a fucking cool rebel, even though I was just like, because I never woke up going,
there's a thought in here that according to that Miller light billboard is criminal or like cruising for a bruising or maybe I shouldn't have.
Maybe I need to just get through it and all this stuff.
And so it's like, it's, it's, it's terrifying for me to think about the brain, which for me is like, get up to your strong corner, get away from your heart as like the place that is actually needs to be towered,
and organized and.
Yeah, well, I think that that maybe come from sort of that might come from sort of like how well because like, I mean, that's kind of why things have been so weird for me lately is because it was only like a couple months ago,
like probably less than six months ago or around that when I got diagnosed with autism by my therapist.
And because she'd, she hadn't said anything, but I think she knew about it kind of like with your therapist where it's like she finally felt okay, bring up the drinking one day I came in and I was like,
okay, come on.
Ever since I was as long as I can form memories, I can remember people being like, oh, you're kind of different or knowing that I'm kind of different or just being kind of different and all these stupid tiny little ways,
you know, that I'm like, okay, but like nobody else I know is thinking that way, even if it seems like a small thing.
Like it's just sort of like this thing that is all of me.
It's not like one particular thing about me.
So then when she said that and I kind of absorbed it and everything was like, okay, because yes, like you said, I guess what would be different about us is that as long as I can remember,
I've thought about like who I am and like how I'm different from other people and I don't know how I'm the same and stuff and yeah, I've always been kind of analyzing like who I am and what I am.
And I've never been able to kind of bring any sort of practicality to that of like a lot of kids like act different to avoid being bullied.
I mean, I wasn't bullied too bad, but it never even occurred to me that I could try being different.
Like I was like, well, okay, this is it.
Then I get bullied then or this is how I try to make them stop the bullying, but it never occurred to me to ever be anything other than what I am.
And now that I'm like 20 and thinking about trying to maybe get a job and stuff.
I'm thinking like, oh, well, do I have to enter into a world where I'm not going to be able to be me and I'm going to have to do practical things or something and I don't know.
I think that's like the one thing I love about the autistic community is that like humanity itself in a really magnified way, precisely because there is a deprivation of objective truth that comes more easy to typical people that or in the case of if you look at humanity
and it's like easy for a skunk to know if it's doing what it should be doing.
It's easy for a giraffe.
Fucking giraffes.
No, shout out to giraffes who are like dying in Griffith Park Zoo right now.
Let's not be mean.
I don't think it's a zoo anymore.
Sharks are great.
Whatever.
Don't derail me.
I'm on a fucking roll.
Can't you hear this?
But as we talked to our friend Steve Silverman who wrote Neurotribes that within humanity that people who have autistic traits also are like, they're like, well, wait, what am I?
I don't have this sort of like compulsion for these sort of like easy truths or whatever. But because of that, even as uncomfortable as it feels, this is dance-plating autism, dance-plating everything to you.
But this is just, I just find this to be a very romantic and wonderful concept.
Because of that, there's an increased attention on it. There may not be what feels like facile awareness, and that can feel so alienating and so sad that it's like, it's that Pinocchio syndrome thing, which, you know, autistic people, it looks like they hate and television stuff.
They hate like neurotypicals going like, oh, bleep, bloop, just wants to be human.
But at the same time, at the core of that is this idea of I am separate, so like you wake up the same as everything and don't even have to make a choice.
Here I am wondering who the fuck I am. Those people have this power to examine the things that other people take for granted and go, you know, then that's why I think this tradition of like creatives and artists and things.
I'm going to make Calvin and Hobbes because I don't know what the fuck it means to be this or that. I don't mean to diagnose that guy, but anyways.
Well, I think I haven't really heard that specific take on autism, which is really interesting.
I fucking coined it.
But I've heard that a lot about being trans, because gender is so deeply ingrained in our society and from the smallest to the biggest ways that if you think I'm not that, what everything seems to be, it's like, oh, I feel like I'm starting from scratch.
I feel like I'm starting from scratch or something and all these personality traits.
I have to like, yeah, you examine things more and you don't like feel like you can fall into easily defined things.
Yeah, thank God for people going like finally like, hey, you know what, there actually is such a thing as somebody that doesn't even can't doesn't know like you want to play some duck duck goose game.
Maybe duck, maybe goose, maybe both. I'd like, like, why don't we ask that? Like, and of course you're going to get those tomatoes thrown at you. But like, it is such a, it's like, it makes every single person at every bachelorette party, every construction site, these archetypes we conjure of the most binary committed people,
my, myself included, like, after all the reaction of like, well, what's next? Come on. Then, then thought has to happen just for the fuck of it, even, you know, I can start as like, what you think is punching down curiosity is like, all right, well, let me get this straight.
Those roads can at least lead to inspection, because I think it's such an important thing for that reason. It's like a skeleton key to all this other shit, because also as I've said, like, and I don't know if this is offensive to people, but, but I'll learn that it is for for the reason I learned it
but I've always thought in the back of my head, you know, there's never going to be a million trans movement, literally, just, it's never going to be, it's never going to be this thing that we're used to, which is like, numbers, numbers, numbers.
And good, because we've entered a world where that numbers are not what are making things change, sometimes catastrophically, it can take one troll and 20 bots to fuck up an entire thing that actually is a pillar of society or whatever.
We need to actually graduate beyond the populist idea of democracy where it's like, well, if you're a million people, you're less important to two million people and get into like, okay, we got to make sure we have to have an acid test and it can come down to one individual, which is more, you know, I think, I think it's not only more liberal,
it's also, I think that it's more practical in terms of becoming a planet of eight billion people that are all connected telepathically and trying to get the fuck off of burning cinder that they've eaten all the giraffes off of.
We're going to have to have a fundamental respect for humans and we're not going to be able to continue to have curveballs, you know, like we can't, the shot clock is so near zero, we cannot continue to go, okay, it's okay that you're black, but now let's get back to work.
What, you're a woman, that's, get out of here, like we got to stop being so thrown by people saying, I over here, table five needs bread.
We can't keep going like close the restaurant, fuck you, why are you eating here, what's food, should we make it illegal, we have to just get to a place where we're like, table five needs bread, got it, it's a terrible metaphor.
I think I get it though, yeah, I think it's pretty insane, although also just knowing about the nature of humans or something, like I think, I mean, like it makes sense logically, but if you think, like if I really think about it, it just, it makes, it's so insane to me like the rules we've created and how many rules are created.
We think of like, oh, the fifties were insane, you know, you had to have your fork on the right, that's crazy, I'll have my fork on the left, but it's like we're still have so many deeply ingrained things that go way beyond where you put your fork, like what a harmless, you know, rule to have in your society, but there's deeper ones that are harmful or not harmful.
Like racism.
Yeah, but there's also like little things.
Just to name a few.
Yeah, there's, there's things that are really, really big and really bad like that, but there's also like little things that it's weird that it's a rule, but on such a large scale.
I don't know.
Yeah, you get indoctrinated into shit and everybody wants to be a good person pretty much.
And you go like, okay, now if I put my fork on the wrong side, I'm called an anti hero, I'm called a, an upstart, I'm called a kind of like cool person.
And but it's like, that can be taught to you as a child.
And then that person precisely because in reference back to me getting offended with in the midst of, in the midst of myself deprecation, somebody suggests that I'm a bad person, I get mad at them and abuse them.
That is the problem with kind of like institutionalized liberalism, for instance, where you go, hey, I'm a liberal, I voted for this, I understand that racism is bad.
Here's how racism is defined, here's whether I'm sexist, here's whether I've ever sexually harassed anyone, here's whether I'm an advocate of this community or that.
And don't, and then someone says, hey man, what you did there was a little disrespectful and you bite their fucking head off because what am I a Nazi?
How dare you and all that stuff.
And I think that it's that illustrates this wall that you're talking about.
And instead of this process that we've, it has been fine because it's moved at a speed faster than the average caveman, which is like, build the wall here.
Okay, wall needs to be torn down.
We're going to move it 20 feet out, everybody.
Okay, all right.
Grumble, grumble.
Now it's harder to get to work, grumble, grumble, but nothing collapses.
We're hitting this tipping point now where the walls are digital, and so is the road to work.
And so is the path to democracy.
So is the, and it's like, holy shit, if we can't get it through our head, that just in general, take it, take it as it comes and don't allow yourself to be fucking thrown by other people.
We're, if we don't, if we don't upgrade that firmware to where we don't have to have a fucking forum, I'm repeating myself, like we're going to, we're going to die.
Anyways, in the news today, we probably are already dying.
Yeah.
You were prompted to raise your, you were compelled to raise your hand.
For a while now.
I just had a question.
Has your therapist ever asked you if you want to be depressed?
The question was, has my therapist, has any, has we both answered it?
No, she never has, but I've asked, I've always wondered that.
Ask her if she can ask you that.
That could be fun.
Well, you've talked about how you are like really comfortable with being unhappy, you know, or comfortable being depressed or being alcoholic or something.
Right.
So I got, yeah, actually, I hadn't put it in that context, but in that sense, very much so.
She's definitely like lowered that challenge or rather warning.
Sounds like you're getting really close to happiness and like you, like coping with it can bring out all kinds of shit.
Yeah.
Like I think I self sabotage.
I'm terrified of success.
I've tried like eating and exercising for years and years and years, but I always have this thought of like, what if everything gets better than what the fuck will I do?
It's been such a huge, huge challenge for me this last year because traditionally what I do is, oh, look, he made that thing.
Oh, everyone's happy.
Oh, they just, Annie and Jeff to get together or maybe he's going to kiss Britta.
You have a fandom.
You have people on Tumblr.
They like your show.
You're doing good.
You did it.
You fucking monkey.
Boom.
What's he doing?
I'm like getting mad at Sony and like driving home in tears because my show is so important and how can they understand it?
It's like, you look back on that and I go like self sabotage.
It has to be.
There was never enough of a threat that I ever had to go to Def Con this or that.
However, I still, I'm like, fuck people who say pick your battles and all that stuff.
And this last year has been therefore like this thing where it's like, okay, you did it.
You made a successful show by all the metrics that you used to abide by.
Also, in addition to that, you're going to get recognized and rewarded for it to the point where you might die happy or whatever that fucking goal is.
And all of a sudden it seems like you're actually being targeted unfairly.
However, if you talk about it, it could cause enough of a shit storm to get you fired.
It would be feeding the trolls.
And it's like, oh, wait, where does the self sabotage end?
Does it end when you stop talking about the things that upset you?
Because my mouth gets me fired a lot.
And so one would reason if they were trying to destroy my life that it would be as easy as lobbing a dead cat into a part of the courtyard where I was bound to put on a show about it and spread disease and take my whole kingdom down.
And so then you get into, oh, now I'm doing things because it's what the enemy doesn't want.
I'm like, when did I become a fucking liar for a living?
When did I wake up every day and go, first of all, what do you think?
Okay, now what do you say?
And have those two things be separate?
It's miserable.
It's not as miserable as anybody listening.
Everyone has those problems.
But that's why it's been a weird year because I'm like, wait, you can beat the people that want to destroy you by never paying any attention to it.
And it feels like going like this while people kick you, which I've never done.
But then again, I've never been a huge counterpuncher.
I'm not like a fucking warrior.
I don't go like, nobody fucks with me.
What I do is every week I go, well, this happened today.
Someone wrote this about me.
Someone said this.
This is how that felt.
And then no matter what, every day I go home, I'm like, every week, at least I recalibrate.
And I go, well, I don't have anything bouncing around in my head anymore.
But as I keep referencing, we're a year now going into this, I'm like, what am I a fucking senator?
Where I'm like, it's like the smart thing for me to do to be polite or comported.
Is that what enemies want?
Do we live by what enemies?
But my therapist finally got there, and I did say this in New York, so I'll be repeating it.
But she finally said, so you are a 45-year-old man who has been able to say, I don't care forever.
And now you care.
And that's difficult.
And it sounds really, it's a really, really unfortunate thing that the messengers of that have to be trolls, Nazis.
And she didn't have to finish her thought, because then I got it.
I was like, oh, yeah.
So in other words, if it weren't these stupid stories and these stupid times, like, it would be time for me to graduate from deliberately disaffected.
I don't care about nothing.
You can't get near me.
It's a wonder I was married for eight months.
It's like, too, holy shit, I love someone.
Holy shit, I'm proud of my job.
Holy shit, I don't want to get fired.
Holy shit, I don't want to hurt people.
Holy shit, there are people out there that you can hurt by doing nothing.
Holy shit, there are people out there that I've hurt when I thought I was the victim.
Because they didn't like me enough.
Holy shit, I am part of the problem even by not being part of the problem.
And holy shit, there are people who are lying in way, drooling for any sign of vulnerability so they can jump on me.
And any nutsack sticking out, they will grab and twist and try to rip off because they don't even believe I'm real.
And it's like, welcome to the party, which is not even...
It's like, let alone being famous, it's like, I think that's everyone over the age of 30.
Everybody has to go to a job where they have to fucking, you know, they have to worry about, you know, like, oh, my happiness is...
But that's the negative way of putting it.
Everyone in adulthood starts to realize what they love and what they like.
And then the crucial key is, don't worry about whether or not to be vulnerable.
Be honest, keep being honest.
Because if you're honest and you say, here's a nut sack, it's on my knee, and someone runs up and kicks it.
Okay, ouch.
But you can't just rearrange and go like, my knee's bulletproof.
Because that's what nutsacks are.
They're bulletproof.
And it's like...
I want you to extend this metaphor as long as you can.
Well, it's like in Red Dead Redemption.
But I really think...
So talking to this youngster here, I'm saying, like, you know, like, whatever's going on with you, you know, like...
It seems like you've got good parents because you're not...
It doesn't sound like you're a product of abuse or alienation on the home front.
You have a dad that's dropping you off and picking you up here.
And that could be a higher challenge because you don't have anybody to blame but yourself.
And then you don't know what that's supposed to mean and all that stuff.
So what you've got to do to maintain your sanity, I think, is connect and share and understand that you will be assailed and hurt.
But that pain isn't real.
It's real. It's a real feeling, but it's not real destruction.
Because the only real destruction is if a tentacle goes out and someone kicks it and it hurts so you recoil,
which is what we all do in response to trauma, then that's the actual physical effect of the kick,
is that there's no more tentacle there anymore.
That's a place where there's no more connection.
But the pain of the kick didn't actually damage the tentacle.
It's a dumb metaphor because, of course, if you kick a tentacle, you're going to damage it.
No, it's fine. It's like when you touch a snail's eye, it pops right back out.
What's up, Raise Handy? Our new character, Handy Raise.
Yeah, why don't you come up and grab a mic and what's that?
It's someone's birthday.
I'm not laughing at you. I'm laughing at our world.
Come on up, birthday.
Thank you so much.
Three people again?
I'm suddenly a fan of my podcast because I just like that idea.
He's like this, and then another person goes, just bring him up.
And then the woman goes, it's my birthday.
I like all of that for all reasons.
I didn't mean to start anything. I just had a follow-up question.
Yeah, well, yeah, I don't think we're...
What day's your birthday again?
11-11. It was yesterday.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
What's your name?
Caroline.
Hi.
Hi, Caroline.
Nice to meet you.
What's your name?
Nova.
Nice to meet you.
Dan, right.
Thank you very much.
A birthday water?
Oh, yeah.
A birthday water.
Oh, yeah, I could use a Coke.
I could use a Coke.
Can of Coke.
Turkey, mayo, lettuce, tomato, lightly toast.
A joke.
Okay, Aisa, what was your follow-up?
My follow-up question was how do you then...
You answered my former question of do you think that you want to be depressed?
But my follow-up was how then do you distinguish between your maladaptive behavior
versus behavior that is healthy but then is punished?
You're talking about being honest and being upfront with people
in big platforms like this, which seems healthy,
but then you've learned to recoil from that.
So how do you distinctify between maladaptive behaviors versus...
My theory as of the last couple of weeks that made me so relieved
because it makes me comfortable again is that the answer is whether or not it's true.
Because that was for so long my definition of...
I rubbed a mannequin leg on my nipple.
I have a nylon fetish.
I put a thing in my butt.
It's like there's no such thing as truth that should hurt you.
There's technically one...
If you were, for instance, a pedophile,
we have this go-to crime where we go,
because aside from just regular rape of a non-consensual person,
it's like the word pedophile is the only thing worse than anything sexually,
in addition to being worse than a Nazi, or so we feel emotionally.
And so if you weren't that,
then theoretically anything that you were,
anything that you could say out loud in this country,
it should not be anything that would automatically cause destruction to your life.
It could cause embarrassment,
but it shouldn't cause you actual loss of property.
Well, that's really interesting, because sometimes I'll get into a space
where I'm feeling bad about myself and then I'll ask my therapist,
do you think it's okay if I start playing this video game because I like it and stuff?
I just feel really guilty about doing things that I enjoy.
And one time I was just like,
can I just, like, facing adulthood,
you're like, wow, you can really do anything, mostly.
I was like, can I just do anything I want?
And she said, yes, well, you can, because I know that you're not going to do anything
that's going to destroy your life or someone else's.
Well, she knew you were a hero and an addict,
and you needed there for it.
But yeah, my therapist always said right away,
if it's free and fun, do it.
Yeah, if you're not hurting anybody or yourself is what mine says, yeah.
Yeah, and so that is the answer to Ace's question,
which is like, I have the luxury,
my heart goes out to people who aren't in these shoes,
hence the episode where I went to bat for a bit of violence.
It was like 100 episodes ago where I'd seen that Pervert Park documentary,
and I was like, God damn it, that must suck,
because I can't control my sexuality.
So what if you couldn't and your sexuality was literally illegal
and literally involved hurting people?
Shouldn't we spare a thought for treatment and whatnot to break the cycle?
But I have the luxury of, like, as bad as it gets is what you see,
which is like, I just fascinated with myself,
and I like toes on my nipple, and I like girls in pantyhose,
and I like everything that I've talked about for 300 episodes of this podcast,
which means I have that privilege of,
if I just dump everything from my brain out of my mouth,
then along the way, the worst I can do is use the wrong pronoun,
say the n-word, these sort of like, kind of like verbal gaffes that could be...
Social contracts?
But you'd have to be, you'd have to desire to destroy me
to then take those mistakes and go,
therefore we should destroy this person, you know?
Like, and that I think is the reality that we have to cope with,
which is if somebody wants to hurt you,
there's no way to beat them in the game of I'm hurtable,
and it's not a victory to be unhurtable.
It's not a victory to have a shield around you
and turrets that keep people from coming near your front lawn.
That is not a way to die laughing at everybody
saying, I had the perfect life, you will die with a vague feeling,
probably of deep unease and sadness.
Because when my therapist said that,
she was like, she would be the last person that I would think,
after everything that she's heard,
to recommend that I continue to do this podcast.
I would never have thought.
I would think that she would have been like, yeah,
that seems like an unhealthy fixation you have on yourself,
and maybe now that you're growing you should retire the microphone
and go live in a normal person, it's time.
But she was like, you need to be honest.
And the more honest you are, the stronger you feel and are,
and the more helpful you are.
I've answered your question 90 times.
That's the path.
It's maladaptive, healthy, unhealthy, who knows.
I've been up here and being defensive about it.
I was up here for more episodes than not saying,
I hate therapy, I don't believe in therapy.
I've been up here saying, don't vote, your vote doesn't matter.
Then I've been up here saying, we should run out in the street
and kill Nazis.
Really, who cares, quote, unquote,
whether the behaviors and thoughts are healthy, unhealthy,
or leading down the yellow brick road or a dirt path
that makes Dorothy a cyborg.
However, which arguably sounds like a cooler story
than one where it turns out you could go home at any time
and the bad guy can get killed with water.
But what's important is for me, maybe not for other people,
but for me, it's vital that I got to be saying what I'm thinking,
or I'll put a gun in my mouth.
That's why I'm so...
Traditionally, I've been so adamant about...
Every time we mention suicide in the show,
you notice I always have this kids talk to somebody, et cetera,
because before I started this seemingly self-destructive practice
of speaking into a microphone about everything that's going on with me,
a behavior that has gotten me fired more than it's gotten me hired,
a behavior that at times seems like you just wish it would stop
because if he would just stop doing it, then everything would be fine.
Shut up, Dan, but for me, maybe not for other people,
it's like these thoughts in your skull,
they bounce off every interior surface,
and every time they do, they accrue thoughts about them,
and they just get so big, so fast.
And then as soon as they come out of your mouth,
it doesn't matter if people applaud, it doesn't matter if people boo,
it doesn't matter if they ignore it,
the important thing that happens is it came out,
and now it's gone.
I've found that over and over again.
It's just like, boom.
It's like, I said, I stuck a Sharpie pen up my ass once
because I wanted to see if it would make me come harder,
and for the rest of my life, that Sharpie pen has no power over me,
it doesn't matter if the audience went,
yay, let's go buy stock and Sharpie,
it doesn't matter if they say, you're so brave,
it doesn't matter, it's like, what matters is that I didn't die.
It's kind of like, I mean, so I had sex with my third grade teacher,
to get an A, and I too was homeschooled, so it was really...
Damn.
Is that a genuine story from your life?
Yeah, her mom.
Kind of?
No, I'm joking.
What you're talking about?
Well, it's your birthday, you're allowed to run through the fields of incest.
I just want to say something.
I just want to say something memorable.
What you're talking about is exactly what I've been working on in therapy,
which is why I was so curious,
something that my therapist told me recently,
that was actually one of those big revelation moments,
was that you're not always trying to fix yourself,
sometimes you're just trying to learn to be okay.
Right.
In therapy, at least I'm always trying to be like,
so I feel this way about this,
and I think sort of like you were talking about earlier, Nova,
I feel this way about this, and I think it's because of this,
and I think if I thought about it this way,
then everything would be fine,
but sometimes it's like, no, no, no,
it's okay to just think something that's maybe not great, you know?
You don't have to accept things,
you don't have to like things to accept them.
Yeah.
And there's a thing I've read in some of these books,
whether it's like, what's his name,
I can't even fucking sell like men or something like that.
He was like this guy,
it's like this sort of, this happiness thing.
It's a nuanced, this idea of, we'll get,
if you're worried about going to Thanksgiving
because you hate, you're uncomfortable talking to your uncle.
I know I'm going to,
this is going to be an awful metaphor that doesn't land the point,
but here I go.
But I'm like, you're on your way to this,
you're invited to a party that makes you nervous for some reason,
let's say, you're uncomfortable.
We think that the day that you realize
you don't want to go to the party because your uncle's racist,
or that, even though that thought doesn't make you happy,
we believe, we don't think that you're following your comfort
because what's comfortable about the thought that your uncle's racist, right?
Or that you're a fuck-up that'll just get lost on the way to the party.
We say negative shit to ourselves that actually causes a dopamine spike
and causes us to, it gives us a little fire escape out of a zone of discomfort.
Pretending that we understand something for the sake of not thinking about it.
Exactly, yeah.
No one likes to be uncertain,
and yet, actually, uncertainty is a huge invitation
to a really beneficial burning man
where weird ideas can happen while you have no idea what the fuck you think.
But it feels like pain to us, it actually feels criminal to us,
and then you go, you know what, fuck that guy, I'm not going to his party,
and even though it creates this negative thing in your life,
you're happy, you made yourself happy.
I thought I saw a hand or something out there,
but it's probably just people going, Jesus Christ, how long is this show?
It's probably just four people looking at their watches in unison.
I'm having a great time.
This is a dream come true.
We should be fair.
Asa was out front handing out his flyers for Asanomics.
It's a new religion.
Everybody gets $5 and that's it.
His name's not even Asa.
It stands for assertiveness, spirit, and more assertiveness.
Or angle, side angle, any of those acronyms.
I was just going to say what you were saying about honesty and everything.
Like I said when I was a kid, I could never not be myself,
but I think now I've felt pressure to maybe kind of change
or to pull these certain thoughts,
and I think maybe that's kind of making me really sick inside.
Like lately, and I've always been just a really fully authentic person
regardless of what happens.
What happens will happen, you know,
and otherwise you'll just make yourself sick.
Yeah, I mean, this is going to sound cornball,
like I'm like Geraldo and I'm like capitalizing,
I don't want to get points for it,
I'm like I can't protect you from anybody.
I can't protect myself from myself or anybody else,
but I will, I can guarantee you this,
and maybe what's important is that we all guarantee this to each other.
Any chance we get is that you can't say anything to me
that's going to make me suddenly start to realize you're a bad person.
Except lies.
Like if I find out that you said one thing
and then I find out you're capable of dishonesty,
because that makes you dangerous because,
but I can forgive you if you then later tell me,
I lied to you about this and that,
but if you tell me the truth,
I am never going to punish you for it.
I'm never going to like,
unless it's an accident, unless you go like,
can I tell you something?
I put peanut butter on my pussy the other day,
and I might accidentally go,
that's fucking nuts, and you burst into tears and go,
the word nuts is what they said to me when I'm like,
that shit could happen.
I could step on your foot while we're dancing,
but I am never, I'm never going to go,
well, you shouldn't be danced with,
you don't belong on this dance floor,
you should, you know, and so,
like if nowhere else other than your therapist's office,
you know, please consider this an actual definition,
not a political definition of a safe place.
It's not, nowhere is safe,
but you're safe from us up here for sure.
Across the threshold,
blurt semi-fictional shit
that you haven't even explored yet.
If you want to, you run the risk of people in the reddit going,
but not us, we will hold you on our shoulders
because, what can we accomplish with this podcast
if not corrupting a new generation?
Celebrating honesty.
And I guess that invitation goes for you too, Asa,
but I don't know if I trust you yet.
What can I do to earn your trust?
Well, I have a suspender thing,
because I'm like, what's wrong with a belt?
No suspenders are more convenient.
I'm an advocate.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
No, I'm kidding, it's probably a bad joke.
Because my whole point is we have to trust each other.
I trust you.
Caroline?
Yeah.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
Unless it turns out to not really be your birthday, I trust you.
Oh, it's my birthday.
It was yesterday.
Yeah, it was yesterday.
So it's not really your birthday?
It's not, but I wanted to get on stage.
This trust thing is getting off to a shit start.
But she told us it was yesterday.
She wasn't like, no, yeah, it's my birthday.
You know what we should do in the show?
I think because I think, you know,
like sometimes this makes us uncomfortable
because the show attracts a certain mind
that's going to be averse to things that feel like a revival tent
because that evokes thoughts of religion and dishonesty.
But it's a town meeting, this podcast,
and we should have a moment in the show where we go,
like we used to.
Hey, anybody got something so pressing
that they really want to talk about it?
What's, you know, come up and talk,
and we'll get to know people.
Because we used to do that, and then we,
I don't know why we stopped.
Who's having great pain, who's having a great day,
but then sometimes you'd be like,
just anybody who really, really has something to say or something.
Yeah, I think I maybe started to feel like,
well, we're not, it's not, it's like,
oh, are we forming a whack pack like Howard Stern?
Is it just becoming like a spectacle of some kind?
But that was never the audience's fault.
I think that was...
I think you just found a lot of the wrong people sometimes
when you were on tour.
I just really recently re-listened to a bunch of stuff,
so I'm kind of like remembering a lot of those moments now,
and being like, yeah, I think you just got a couple of bad eggs
along the way, and it kind of...
I think in Los Angeles, out of Monday night, downtown,
we can probably trust that, yeah.
Well, it also got to a point where like,
we cut more fish than boots by casting that net,
but like, it got to the point where the front couple of rows
were people like boxing each other to try to be up there,
to kind of be like, in the show.
I think people were expecting to be the next Spencer
or Adam Goldberg or whoever,
and it was getting a little frisky for my money.
That's the dream.
That's the dream for like, almost,
I think a lot of people that listen to the podcast, everyone.
Bad dreams of being Spencer, you know.
Do better.
Come on.
Spencer, for those people having that dream,
tell them one thing you did this week for me,
that de-glamorizes.
I dream about having a yacht.
What?
Like, you could think bigger than being on a fucking podcast.
No, but I'm saying tell the people dreaming of being the next Spencer
one thing that you did this week for me
that will disabuse them of their fantasies.
Oh, um...
Hmm.
This week?
Well, or recently, just a minute.
Sorry.
I like my job.
All right.
Okay, sorry.
I just thought you'd have a fun...
I mean, you have to do so much specific, like, tedious shit.
I really like most of that stuff.
It's fun.
I feel activated and good.
Yeah, I like that stuff too, just like...
Oh, yeah.
Spencer's healthy now.
He had to oversee the hard installation of Tesla software
onto my car that wasn't coming through Wi-Fi fast enough for me.
Yeah.
Spencer, are you self-actualized now?
No, no.
Okay.
I just...
I follow your Instagram, so I know you've been going through this whole fitness thing
and it's like, wow, he might be reaching actualization.
I've always been healthier than most, even at my unhealthiest.
Nice.
And not arrogant at all.
That's not arrogant.
You...
I'm not gonna say show it, because I don't want...
It doesn't show up.
I got like...
He sent a text saying that...
I'm uncomfortable telling friends I think I have a six pack.
Ooh.
It's not...
I can't...
It doesn't show up on film.
Yeah, show it.
It doesn't show up on film, and it doesn't show up except under the right lighting.
And when those things are no longer true and it actually shows up, then I will show it.
And it'll be soon, because the progress I've been making is encouraging.
Cliff Hanger!
Thank you, gang.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks, Caroline.
Thank you, Asa.
Thank you, Nova.
Cheers.
Also, there's always Zach, Chris, Jer, Nolan, everybody here.
How many times...
Spencer, your game master, everybody.
Come to HarmonQuest.
HarmonQuest.com.
I'm the controller, Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you all.
Drive fast, take chances, and if that doesn't work, tie him up with a rope and put him in a bush.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!